#!/bin/bash
#
#	@(#)	[MB] aj_para_cmds_03	Version 1.2 du 20/06/24 - 
#

list_dir_files /bin     /tmp/dir_files_bin
list_dir_files /boot    /tmp/dir_files_boot
list_dir_files /cdrom   /tmp/dir_files_cdrom
list_dir_files /cdrom0  /tmp/dir_files_cdrom0
list_dir_files /cdrom1  /tmp/dir_files_cdrom1
list_dir_files /dev     /tmp/dir_files_dev
list_dir_files /etc     /tmp/dir_files_etc
list_dir_files /home    /tmp/dir_files_home
list_dir_files /lib     /tmp/dir_files_lib
list_dir_files /lib32   /tmp/dir_files_lib32
list_dir_files /lib64   /tmp/dir_files_lib64
list_dir_files /media   /tmp/dir_files_media
list_dir_files /mnt     /tmp/dir_files_mnt
list_dir_files /proc    /tmp/dir_files_proc
list_dir_files /root    /tmp/dir_files_root
list_dir_files /run     /tmp/dir_files_run
list_dir_files /sbin    /tmp/dir_files_sbin
list_dir_files /selinux /tmp/dir_files_selinux
list_dir_files /srv     /tmp/dir_files_srv
list_dir_files /sys     /tmp/dir_files_sys
list_dir_files /tmp     /tmp/dir_files_tmp
list_dir_files /usr     /tmp/dir_files_usr
list_dir_files /var     /tmp/dir_files_var
